Albion Token Terms (Community Preview 1)
===========

_September 2025_

## Particulars

<table>
 <thead>
 <tr>
 <th>Name</th>
 <th>Value</th>
 </tr>
 </thead>
 <tbody>
 <tr>
 <td>Royalty Token Release</td>
 <td>0</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>Royalty Provider</td>
 <td>Albion Labs Canada Ltd, a company incorporated in Alberta, Canada with Alberta Corporate Access Number 2027126354 whose registered office is 1500-850 2 ST SW, Calgary, Alberta, T2P0R8, Canada</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>Royalty Supplier</td>
 <td>Europa Oil & Gas Ltd</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>Oil Field</td>
 <td>Wressle oil field, located onshore in licence PEDL180, EastMidlands Basin, United Kingdom</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>Oil Well</td>
 <td>Wressle Well # 1</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>Royalty Interest</td>
 <td>4.5% of Gross Revenue</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>Royalty Payment Percentage</td>
 <td>2.5% of Royalty Interest</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>Royalty Token Price</td>
 <td>1 USDT</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>Payment Token Exclusive</td>
 <td>False</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>Supply Type</td>
 <td>Variable Royalty Token</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>Supply Limit</td>
 <td>12,000</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>Market Rules</td>
 <td>AIM</td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
 <td>Management Fees</td>
 <td>False</td>
 </tr>
 </tbody>
</table>

## Terms

**Capitalised words and phrases are defined in the “Definitions” section of this document unless otherwise specified.**

Cross references are by text notation where the reference is defined with [REFERENCE X], with X as an integer, and other provisions refer back to it as “Reference X”.

These terms and conditions (the “**Token Terms**”) are applicable to the Royalty Token Release issued by **S01 Issuer GmbH**, registered with the commercial register of the local court Charlottenburg (Berlin) under registration number No. 270925 B (the “**Issuer**”).

You represent that you are at least the age of majority in your jurisdiction and have the full right, power, and authority to enter into and comply with the terms and conditions of these Token Terms on behalf of yourself and any company or legal entity for which you may act. If you are entering into these Token Terms on behalf of an entity, you represent to us that you have the legal authority to bind such entity.

You further represent that you are not:

1. the subject of economic or trade sanctions administered or enforced by any governmental authority or otherwise designated on any list of prohibited or restricted parties; or
2. a citizen, resident, or organized in a jurisdiction or territory that is the subject of comprehensive country-wide, territory-wide, or regional economic sanctions.

Finally, you represent that you will fully comply with all applicable laws and regulations, and that you will not conduct, promote, or otherwise facilitate any illegal activity.

## 1. Interpretation Principles

1. In these Token Terms, unless the context otherwise requires:
    1. references to these Token Terms shall include any schedules to it and references to clauses, subclauses and any schedules are to clauses of, sub-clauses of, and any schedules to these Token Terms;
    2. the singular includes the plural and vice versa;
    3. “person” denotes any person, partnership, corporation or other association of whatever nature; and
    4. any references to any directive, statute, statutory instrument, laws or regulations shall be references to such directive, statute, statutory instrument, laws or regulations as from time to time amended, re-enacted or replaced and to any codification, consolidation, re-enactment or substitution thereof as from time to time in force and any reference to a regulator or public authority and rules made by it shall include its successor and rules made by the successor which replace those rules.
2. Headings are for convenience only and have no bearing on the interpretation of these Token Terms.
3. Any phrase introduced by the term “include”, “includes”, “including”, “for example”, “in particular” or any similar expression will be construed as illustrative and will not limit the sense of the words preceding that term.
4. References to “dealing in” or “deal in” are references to any participation in crypto assets including buying, acquiring, accepting, holding, selling, staking, disposing of or otherwise making use of crypto assets.

## 2. KYC AML and Greenlisting [REFERENCE 1]

1. In order to purchase and/or redeem Royalty Tokens, a successful onboarding of the Investor and completion of the KYC AML Requirements by the Investor, including the provision of all required data and confirmation of eligibility, is required. 
2. Eligible to purchase and/or redeem Royalty Tokens are all natural and legal persons as well as partnerships with a legal personality if they fulfil the following requirements:
    1. the Investor is neither a citizen of nor does possess a permanent residence or working permit for the United States of America (USA), Canada, China, Australia or Iran and has no residence or registered office within the territory of one of these states;
    2. the Investor is not a corporation or other entity organized under federal or any state law of the USA or under the comparable law of Canada, China, Australia or Iran of which the income is subject to the law of one of the aforementioned jurisdictions; and
    3. neither the Investor nor the Investor’s Wallet is listed on neither one of the European Union’s nor on one of the United States of America’s respective sanction lists.
3. The following information is required for onboarding if the Investor is a natural person:
    1. all names and surnames of the Investor;
    2. the declared place of residence including the complete address;
    3. the Investor’s date of birth;
    4. the Investor’s place of birth;
    5. the nationality of the Investor;
    6. the number of an identity card or passport which has been issued by the competent authority to the Investor; and
    7. an e-mail address of the Investor. 
    8. Additional information may be required in enhanced due diligence processes.
4. The following information is required for onboarding if the Investor is an entity or a partnership with a legal personality:
    1. complete legal form of the Investor;
    2. statutory, or where applicable, the place of business of the Investor as registered in a public registry including the complete address;
    3. (if existing) the Investors registry number from the commercial registry or a comparable public registry;
    4. name of the statutory authorized representative or representatives of the Investor;
    5. an e-mail address of the Investor. 
    6. Additional information may be required in enhanced due diligence processes.
5. As part of the onboarding process, the Investor is asked to name a Blockchain Wallet address to which the Royalty Tokens can be transferred after successful completion of the onboarding process. Investors may be asked to provide confirmation of ownership or control of the Wallet. A Wallet screen may be conducted as part of the onboarding process.
6. For the onboarding to be successful it is required that the information provided by the Investor is:
    1. complete; and
    2. that there is no indication that the Investor provided incorrect data.
7. The Issuer is entitled but not obligated to audit the data provided during the onboarding process by a qualified third party. 
8. The Issuer notifies the Investor if the onboarding and the completion of the KYC AML Requirements was successful. The respective Investor is then considered as Greenlisted.
9. The Investor is obligated to notify the Issuer immediately if any of the information provided has changed.

## 3. Ordering Procedure and Delivery of Royalty Tokens

1. Anyone wishing to acquire Royalty Tokens requires a Wallet that is compatible with the Blockchain. The Issuer cannot accept orders without specifying a Blockchain address in the online subscription process. A smartphone or a computer with internet access is necessary to create a Wallet.
2. Royalty Tokens are acquired through individual token series referred to as Royalty Token Releases, each representing a specific economic entitlement to a portion of Total Distributions funded by underlying Revenue Payments. Each Royalty Token Release is assigned to a distinct SFT Bucket and sequentially numbered (e.g., "Royalty Token Release 0," "Royalty Token Release 1" etc.).
3. Royalty Tokens may be subscribed for as part of specific Royalty Token Releases by submitting a purchase application to the Issuer via the designated Interface. The Investor must specify the intended subscription amount, provide a compatible Blockchain Wallet address and pay the applicable Royalty Token Price before the Royalty Tokens are transferred.
4. The economic parameters applicable to each Royalty Token Release, including the underlying asset, Royalty Interest, Royalty Payment Percentage, Royalty Token Price, Supply Type, Supply Limit, and, if applicable, Management Fees, are set out in the Particulars table for each Release. These Particulars are made available to Investors via the system Interface.
5. Each Royalty Token Release is a type of Royalty Token, either:
    1. a Fixed Royalty Token; or
    2. a Variable Royalty Token.
6. Royalty Tokens are transferred to the Investor after full payment of the Royalty Token Price to the Wallet address provided by the Investor. Payment must be made in the currency specified in the applicable Particulars for that Royalty Token Release.
7. Issuance of Royalty Tokens is permitted only for Investors who have successfully completed the onboarding process and are considered Greenlisted by the Issuer.

## 4. Distributions and Calculation of Royalty Payments

1. The Royalty Provider receives periodic Royalty Payments from the Royalty Supplier under the applicable Revenue Swap Agreement. Pursuant to the Revenue Purchase Agreement between the Royalty Provider and the Issuer, the Issuer may acquire royalty interests from the Royalty Provider. To the extent such royalty interests have been acquired, the portion of such Royalty Payments that corresponds to Distributions to which Investors are entitled under these Token Terms is acquired by the Issuer from the Royalty Provider as Revenue Payments for further processing as the aggregate Total Distributions. These Revenue Payments represent the sole source of Distributions to Investors under these Token Terms. The amount and continuity of Royalty Payments under the Revenue Swap Agreement depend on the ongoing performance of the Project Agreement, Offtake Agreement, Government Licence and the production capacity of the Wellbore. These factors are outside the control of the Issuer and Royalty Provider and only partially within the control of the Royalty Supplier, and may affect the volume, timing or continuation of such Royalty Payments. Accordingly, the Issuer’s obligation to make Distributions to Investors is strictly limited to making Distributions solely out of Total Distributions that the Issuer has actually acquired as Revenue Payments under the Revenue Purchase Agreement. The Issuer does not assume any obligation to use its own funds or to guarantee payments not received.
2. Investors are entitled to receive pro-rata Distributions from the Issuer, which reflect Revenue Payments received by the Issuer under the Revenue Purchase Agreement. These Revenue Payments result from Royalty Payments made by the Royalty Supplier to the Royalty Provider under the Revenue Swap Agreement. These Total Distributions are determined based on the Royalty Interest acquired by the Issuer under the applicable Revenue Purchase Agreement and the Royalty Payment Percentage specified for the relevant Royalty Token Release. Any such Distributions shall only become due and payable by the Issuer to Investors upon actual receipt of the corresponding Total Distributions as Revenue Payments from the Royalty Provider.
3. To the extent that interest is payable by the Royalty Supplier in connection with delayed or outstanding Royalty Payments under the Revenue Swap Agreement and such amounts are acquired by the Issuer as Revenue Payments under the Revenue Purchase Agreement, such interest shall be treated as part of the Total Distributions and distributed by the Issuer to Investors accordingly.
4. Distributions to Investors for both Supply Types (Fixed or Variable) are calculated based on the following steps.
    1. Royalty Interest including increases or reductions (minus fees of Royalty Provider), split between Royalty Token Releases according to the Royalty Payment Percentages, to get the Total Distribution.
    2. Total Distribution divided by the quantity of Royalty Tokens minted for the applicable Royalty Token Release to get the payment per Royalty Token held by an Investor during a month, which is determined by reference to the Snapshot process described by the clause at Reference 2.
5. For Fixed Royalty Tokens, Distributions are calculated as an equal share of the Total Distribution allocated to the corresponding Royalty Token Release based on the fixed number of Tokens defined as the Supply Limit in the Particulars. Each Royalty Token represents a fixed portion of the Total Distribution for that Royalty Token Release.
6. For Variable Royalty Tokens, Distributions are calculated based on the number of Royalty Tokens in circulation at the time of the Snapshots and the number of Royalty Tokens held in the Investor’s Wallet. Variable Royalty Tokens are minted progressively upon acquisition by Investors from the Issuer until the Supply Limit specified in the Particulars is reached. 
7. Where a portion of the Revenue Payment is not allocated to an active Royalty Token Release, it will be retained as Pending Distributions and distributed to Investors on a pro-rata basis in accordance with the Royalty Payment Percentage over the first twelve (12) Distribution cycles of the relevant Royalty Token Release.
8. Distributions are determined based on two blockchain Snapshots taken per calendar day by the Issuer, without prior notice. These Snapshots record for each Royalty Token Release:
    1. Wallet Balance; and 
    2. Release Supply. 
9. For each Distribution cycle, to calculate the percentage of the Total Distribution for payment to a Wallet, the Issuer shall determine the average of the Wallet Balance and Release Supply between the Snapshots and use the following formula: average Wallet Balance divided by average Release Supply multiplied by 100. [Reference 2]
10. Investors must hold Royalty Tokens at the time of at least one of the Snapshots in order to be eligible for a Distribution in the relevant month. The Distribution amount is then calculated as described in the clause at Reference 2. No Distributions are made to a Wallet if the Token is not held by a Wallet in either Snapshot. [Reference 3]
11. In the event that Royalty Payments under the Revenue Swap Agreement are temporarily suspended and subsequently recommence, Distributions to Investors shall be calculated based on the Snapshots taken during the period of suspension. This applies only if such Snapshots were validly recorded by the Issuer in accordance with the clause at Reference 3 and ensures that Distribution rights accrued during the suspension are preserved upon recommencement of Revenue Payments.
12. Distributions are made through an on-chain Vault mechanism. The Issuer will deposit the relevant Total Distribution into the relevant Vault within 5 Business Days following receipt of the Total Distribution. Investors are responsible for claiming their Distributions by connecting their Wallet to the system Interface, which generates Crypto Receipts and shows amounts available for claim by Investor. Any transaction fees incurred in the course of claiming are borne by the Investor.
13. Distributions must be claimed by the Investor within a period of three (3) years from the date on which the Distribution was first made available in the on-chain Vault. After this period, any unclaimed amounts may be withdrawn from the Vault and retained by the Issuer or a designated third party. The limitation period shall be suspended if the Investor was evidently prevented, without fault, from claiming the Distribution. This does not affect the Investor’s statutory rights in case of technical errors or legal disputes concerning entitlement.
14. If indicated in the Particulars, Management Fees may apply and will be deducted from the Total Distribution before payment to Investors.
15. A summary of the key terms of the:
    1. Framework Revenue Purchase Agreement is the Framework Revenue Purchase Agreement Summary (Schedule 2); and
    2. Revenue Swap Agreement is the Revenue Swap Agreement Summary (Schedule 3).

## 5. Disruption of Royalty Payments

1. The Investor’s entitlement to future Distributions under a Royalty Token Release may be temporarily suspended, delayed, proportionally reduced or permanently ceased, in whole or in part, if circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer materially affect the accrual, calculation or legal enforceability of the underlying Royalty Payments from Royalty Supplier to Royalty Provider and / or Revenue Payments from Royalty Provider to Issuer, and / or Total Distributions from Royalty Provider to Issuer. Such circumstances include, but are not limited to:
    1. operational disruptions or technical failure at the Oil Well, including breakdowns or production stoppages;
    2. economic or technical depletion of the Wellbore, including side-tracking, cessation of production or additional capital expenditure by the Royalty Supplier;
    3. suspension, termination, expiry or non-renewal of the Project Agreement, the Offtake Agreement, the Revenue Swap Agreement or the Government Licence;
    4. failure by the Royalty Supplier to make due Royalty Payments to the Royalty Provider, including partial or delayed payments;
    5. breach of contract, non-performance or an Insolvency Event affecting the Royalty Supplier, Royalty Provider or any other material contractual party;
    6. failure or disruption involving third-party service providers essential to Royalty operations, including subcontractors, payment processors or banking;
    7. governmental action or regulatory intervention (e.g., licence revocation or changes in tax, civil or regulatory frameworks) that make continued performance legally or economically unfeasible;
    8. drastic market developments (e.g., oil price volatility or adverse currency fluctuations) materially affecting Royalty revenue;
    9. transfer or assumption of the Royalty Supplier’s interest under the Project Agreement that materially impacts the performance of the Royalty;
    10. administrative, management or tax costs exceeding the expected value of Royalty Payments;
    11. in the event of Force Majeure;
    12. security-related events including hacking, fraud, or systemic blockchain vulnerabilities leading to necessary freezing of the Royalty Token functionality or vault access.
2. In such cases, the Issuer will inform Investors via the system Interface without undue delay, where feasible, and may apply one or more of the following remedial measures:
    1. temporary suspension of Distributions with the possibility of subsequent catch-up; such catch-up payments shall be made exclusively to those Investors who, according to the Snapshot data, held the relevant Royalty Tokens during the period in which the Revenue Payment is not received by the Issuer, in proportion to their Wallet Balance recorded at the relevant Snapshot dates; where the Total Distributions actually received by the Issuer for the relevant period is lower than the Total Distribution originally due, the catch-up payments will make up the difference relative to the originally due Total Distribution;
    2. permanent cessation of Distributions, if the underlying Royalty entitlement has definitively ceased or cannot reasonably be expected to resume due to legal, operational or economic reasons;
    3. pro-rata allocation of any alternative settlement or negotiated outcome between the Royalty Provider and Royalty Supplier to Investors, based on the Wallet Balance recorded for each Investor at the relevant Snapshot dates during the period in which the underlying Revenue Payment is not received by the Issuer; if the total amount actually received by the Royalty Provider under such settlement or negotiated outcome is lower than the aggregate Total Distribution originally due for that period, the amount allocable to each Investor shall be reduced in the same proportion as the total settlement amount bears to the aggregate originally due Total Distribution;
    4. application of Pending Distributions, if available, to offset temporary shortfalls in Distributions;
    5. resumption of Distributions, if applicable, based on the Snapshot balances recorded during the suspension period, unless otherwise determined in accordance with the Token Terms.
3. The Investor acknowledges that the Royalty and consequently any Royalty Payments and Distributions are strictly limited to the revenue generated from the original Wellbore as specified in the relevant Royalty Token Release. If the Royalty Supplier undertakes new capital expenditures (e.g. sidetracking, drilling of new wells or modifying the existing Wellbore), the Royalty is very unlikely to extend to the resulting new production. In such cases, Royalty Payments under the terms of the existing Revenue Swap Agreement may cease without any entitlement to participate in revenues from future production.

## 6. Termination for Good Cause

1. Ordinary termination rights are excluded.
2. Either Party may terminate the contractual relationship underlying these Token Terms with immediate effect for good cause (extraordinary termination), provided that the terminating Party cannot reasonably be expected to continue the contractual relationship under the given circumstances. A good cause shall be deemed to exist in particular, but not exclusively, in the following cases:
    1. an Insolvency Event relating to the Issuer, Royalty Supplier or Royalty Provider occurs;
    2. the underlying Revenue Swap Agreement or any other fundamental contractual arrangement essential to the operation and entitlement of the Royalty, such as the Government Licence or the Offtake Agreement, is terminated, expires or becomes legally or factually unenforceable on a permanent basis;
    3. a change in applicable law, tax regulation or regulatory interpretation occurs that makes it legally or economically impossible or unreasonable to continue the Royalty structure or to make further Distributions;
    4. one of the Parties commits a material breach of its contractual obligations and fails to remedy such breach within a reasonable grace period, if applicable, and the non-breaching Party cannot reasonably be expected to continue the contractual relationship.
3. The extraordinary termination must be declared in text form (e.g. via the Interface or email). Termination shall not affect any claims that have already arisen prior to the effective date of termination, particularly any pending or accrued Distributions.

## 7. Issuer Rights [REFERENCE 4]

1. In the event of a Security Event the Issuer shall have the right, at its sole and reasonable discretion, to take any of the following remedial measures to protect the integrity of the Royalty Token system, subject to applicable law and with due regard to the interests of the Investors: 
    1. The Issuer may suspend all transactions involving the affected SFT Bucket, including minting, burning and transfers of Tokens, until the risk has been resolved or mitigated. As part of this measure, the Issuer may activate a smart contract-based freeze function to technically enforce the suspension of all Royalty Token activity. During the freeze, Investors will not be able to transfer, acquire or otherwise dispose of their Royalty Tokens. The freeze shall be lifted once the relevant risk has been assessed and mitigated. 
    2. The Issuer may deploy a new SFT Bucket to replace the affected smart contract infrastructure. In this case, the Issuer may distribute new replacement Royalty Tokens via airdrop to Investors recorded in a Snapshot prior to the Security Event or establish a swap mechanism allowing Investors to voluntarily exchange old Royalty Tokens for new ones.
    3. To preserve the legal and economic integrity of the Royalty Token system and to avoid unjust enrichment of malicious actors, the Issuer shall have the sole and absolute discretion to exclude any Wallets that are, directly or indirectly connected with the Security Event from participating in any Royalty Token airdrop or other remedial measure under this section at Reference 4.
    4. This section at Reference 4 shall not limit the Issuer's liability for intent, gross negligence or damages resulting from injury to life, body or health. The discretionary powers granted to the Issuer herein shall be exercised in good faith and in a manner that is reasonable, transparent and proportionate to the nature of the Security Event.
2. The Issuer is entitled to upgrade the functionality of the Royalty Token, in particular to improve security, efficiency or regulatory compliance. For this purpose, the Issuer may provide a 1:1 swap mechanism via a smart contract, allowing Investors to voluntarily exchange their existing Royalty Tokens for new Royalty Tokens with updated functionality. The existing rights associated with the Royalty Token shall remain unaffected until the swap is executed such that the terms of the new Royalty Tokens will come into effect between the Parties and the agreement represented by the old Royalty Token will be terminated immediately.
3. The Issuer may, upon receipt of a binding and enforceable order issued by a competent legal authority with jurisdiction, confiscate Royalty Tokens held by an Investor if such measure is strictly required to comply with applicable laws or regulations (including but not limited to sanctions, anti-money laundering obligations, or court orders). In such case, the relevant Royalty Tokens may be transferred to a designated wallet specified by the authority or technically restricted (e.g., via freezing or blocking of transfers). The Issuer shall notify the affected Investor of the measure and the underlying legal basis without undue delay, unless prohibited by law. If such action is later found to have been erroneous or unlawful, the Investor shall be entitled to appropriate restitution or restoration of their Royalty Token holdings, where legally and technically feasible. Any confiscation without legal basis or compensation is expressly excluded. All other rights of the Investor under these Token Terms remain unaffected.
4. The Issuer will disclose data received from the Royalty Supplier by way of the Royalty Provider regarding the Oil Well, once such data becomes publicly available, at all times in accordance with the rules applicable to the Parties connected with:
    1. market transparency;
    2. competitively sensitive information;
    3. other rules connected with the disclosure of information relevant to publicly listed entities; and
    4. the performance of the underlying assets from which the Royalty Payments are derived.

## 8. Qualified Subordination

1. In order to avoid over-indebtedness within the meaning of Section 19 (2) of the German Insolvency Act (“**InsO**”) of the Issuer and in the event of liquidation proceedings, the Investors and the Issuer hereby agree, in accordance with Section 39 (2) InsO, to subordinate all current and future claims of the Investors under these Token Terms (“**Claims**”) in such a way that the Claims shall only be satisfied after all existing and future claims of creditors of the Issuer referred to in Section 39 (1) nos. 1 to 5 InsO have been fully satisfied and only to the extent that such satisfaction does not cause or significantly increase the risk of insolvency or over-indebtedness of the Issuer within the meaning of Sections 17 or 19 InsO.
2. Investors may only assert, enforce or demand performance of Claims if the Issuer is not currently insolvent or over-indebted within the meaning of Sections 17 or 19 InsO, and only to the extent that such enforcement does not itself result in, or materially increase the risk of, such a state of insolvency or over-indebtedness. Claims that cannot be satisfied from the Issuer’s free assets or from other available assets that remain after satisfaction of all non-subordinated creditors shall not become due for the duration of such circumstances. This does not constitute a waiver of the Claims.
3. This qualified subordination constitutes a contract for the benefit of all current and future creditors of the Issuer and may not be revoked or amended to their detriment once the Issuer is insolvent, over-indebted or subject to the opening of insolvency proceedings.
4. Any payments made in breach of this subordination shall be returned to the Issuer. The Issuer may enforce such repayment claims in court.
5. All Claims of Investors rank pari passu among themselves.
6. In the event that court decisions or legal provisions require amendments to these Token Terms in order to ensure the validity and enforceability of this subordination clause, particularly to avoid the classification of the Issuer as over-indebted within the meaning of applicable insolvency law, such amendments shall be deemed agreed between the Investors and the Issuer. In this case, the subordinated Claims shall be ranked in accordance with the relative priority required by law or the relevant court decision in order to prevent the Claims from being treated as liabilities on the balance sheet of the Issuer. The Parties undertake to promptly adjust the provisions of these Token Terms to the amended legal framework.

## 9. Token Rights and Transfer

1. The Royalty Token does not grant the Investor any ownership, co-ownership or property rights in the underlying Royalty, the Revenue Swap Agreement or the associated energy asset. In particular:
    1. the Royalty Token does not represent a fractional ownership interest in any receivable, asset, licence or contractual right held by the Issuer, Royalty Provider or Royalty Supplier;
    2. the Royalty Token only confers a contractual right to receive a Distribution, calculated according to the rules and formulas set out in these Token Terms and the applicable Particulars based on Royalty Payments received by Issuer;
    3. the Royalty Token carries no other rights whatsoever, including, but not limited to, voting rights, dividend rights, rights to participate in rights issues or participation in shareholder meetings.
2. Where control over a Royalty Token is transferred by way of crypto token transfer:
    1. the transferring Party shall be deemed to have transferred all rights and obligations associated with that Royalty Token under these Token Terms;
    2. the owner of the transferee Wallet shall automatically become subject to these Token Terms in place of the transferor, without the need for separate consent by the Issuer.

## 10. Legal Compliance of Investors

1. The Investor represents and warrants that, at the time of acquiring and while holding the Royalty Token, no legal, regulatory, contractual or other restrictions exist under Applicable Law or jurisdiction that would prohibit, restrict or otherwise impair the Investor’s right or ability to lawfully acquire, hold or exercise any rights associated with the Royalty Token.
2. The Investor further represents and warrants that there are no legal impediments to the Investor holding the Royalty Token.

## 11. Investor Risks and Limitations

1. The Investor bears the risk of any changes in law, regulation or tax regime, particularly the introduction of hydrocarbon-related taxes, that may reduce or eliminate Royalty Payments and, consequently, the Revenue Payments and Distributions derived therefrom. Such changes may occur without prior notice and are beyond the control of the Issuer, Royalty Supplier or Royalty Provider.
2. Crypto transactions are irreversible. Investors accept the following risks associated with errors:
    1. If a third party (e.g., an external service provider or wallet provider) makes an error, the Issuer is not liable for the resulting consequences, provided such third party is not acting as a vicarious agent (*Erfüllungsgehilfe*) or auxiliary person (*Verrichtungsgehilfe*) within the meaning of Applicable Law.
    2. If the Issuer causes an error, the Investor may assert claims in accordance with statutory law and the clause at Reference 5 of these Token Terms.
3. Investors who acquire Royalty Tokens on the secondary market acknowledge that prior Distributions may, in rare cases, have been incorrectly calculated due to technical or administrative errors. Such errors may originate from third parties involved in the upstream payment chain, including the Royalty Provider or Royalty Supplier, who are not parties to the contractual relationship between the Investor and the Issuer. If such an error is identified after a Royalty Token has been transferred, the Issuer may, to the extent legally permissible and technically feasible, adjust future Distributions to reflect the correct allocation. Such adjustment shall only apply if it does not retroactively reduce legally vested claims and shall not be made if the error was caused by the Issuer’s, Royalty Provider’s or Royalty Supplier’s intent or gross negligence. The Issuer shall inform the affected Investors in a timely, clear, and transparent manner and shall document the reasons and method of correction.
4. If the Royalty Provider is required to initiate legal action against the Royalty Supplier to enforce payment of due Royalty amounts, the following shall apply:
    1. If the enforcement is successful and funds are recovered, whether in full or in part, the Royalty Provider is entitled to deduct only those legal costs that are (i) directly related to the enforcement of the Royalty Payments, (ii) objectively necessary and reasonable in amount, and (iii) supported by verifiable documentation. Any recovered amount will be transferred to the Issuer for onward Distribution to Investors in accordance with these Token Terms.
    2. If the enforcement is unsuccessful and becomes a Permanent Payment Default, the Royalty Provider shall bear all legal costs. Investors shall not suffer any financial disadvantage as a result.
    3. If the enforcement is temporarily unsuccessful but the default has not become a Permanent Payment Default, the Royalty Provider may offset the incurred legal costs proportionally against future Royalty Payments or instalment amounts recovered pursuant to an agreed payment schedule between the Royalty Provider and the Royalty Supplier, before forwarding them to the Issuer for Distribution to Investors. Such offsets may only occur in the course of ongoing Distributions and may not retroactively affect prior payouts. This clause does not entitle the Issuer to claim additional payments from Investors or to recover any previously distributed amounts.
5. The Investor shall not be entitled to derive any contractual or quasi-contractual rights or entitlements from, or assert any such rights or entitlements against, the Royalty Supplier based on the contractual relationship between the Royalty Provider and the Royalty Supplier. In particular, the contractual relationship between the Royalty Supplier and the Royalty Provider shall not give rise to any contractual or quasi-contractual rights or entitlements of the Investor.
6. The Royalty Token system operates on blockchain-based infrastructure. Technical malfunctions, software bugs, or security incidents, such as smart contract exploits, oracle failures or consensus-level attacks, may impair or interrupt the functionality of the Royalty Tokens. The Issuer cannot guarantee the uninterrupted or error-free performance of blockchain networks or third-party infrastructure that is beyond their control. The Issuer shall implement industry-standard security measures to safeguard assets both on-chain and off-chain. Nevertheless, Investors acknowledge that the use of crypto-based payment systems involves certain inherent risks, including but not limited to losses resulting from hacking, fraud, or technical malfunctions outside the Issuer’s control. This does not affect the Issuer’s liability for damages caused by intent or gross negligence, or for the slightly negligent breach of material contractual obligations (cardinal duties). Further provisions on liability are set out in the clause at Reference 5 of these Token Terms.

## 12. Security and the Security Agent [Reference 7]

1. The Secured Claims of the Investors shall be secured by the Collateral granted by the Issuer and held by the Security Agent under the Collateral Agreement. Upon receipt by the Security Agent of a Notice Of Event Of Default and after a grace period of thirty (30) calendar days has expired and after the Security Agent has verified that an Event Of Default or an Insolvency Event in relation to the Issuer has occurred, the Security Agent shall enforce and manage the Collateral for the account (under a true contract for the benefit of third parties) of the Investors in accordance with the terms of the Collateral Agreement.
2. The Security Agent shall be entitled, upon the occurrence of an Event Of Default, to enforce directly any assigned claims or enforcement rights against the Royalty Provider on behalf of the Investors, including by way of legal action or settlement. The Issuer shall provide the Security Agent with all necessary documentation and access to information required for enforcement. The Royalty Provider shall cooperate with the Security Agent in good faith and may not object to such enforcement on the basis of lacking privity of contract.
3. The Security Agent is not a common representative of the Investors within the meaning of the German Debenture Bond Act (*Schuldverschreibungsgesetz*) and it is not liable under the provisions of the German Debenture Bond Act.
4. The Security Agent shall receive from the Issuer during the term of the Collateral Agreement an appropriate remuneration as well as reimbursement of its expenses, fees and disbursements incurred in connection with the Collateral Agreement.
5. The Collateral Agreement provides that upon the occurrence of an Event Of Default or an Insolvency Event relating to the Issuer the Collateral cannot be realised by the Issuer. If none of these events is occurring, the Issuer may access and realise the Collateral.
6. By investing in the Royalty Tokens, each Investor expressly agrees and acknowledges that the Issuer shall appoint the Security Agent to act on behalf of the Investors for the purpose of holding and enforcing the collateral, as further specified in and subject to the terms and conditions of the Collateral Terms (Schedule 1) of the Collateral Agreement.
7. The Security Agent may, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Collateral Agreement, delegate any of its obligations and functions to a third party, as it deems appropriate.
8. If the Collateral Agreement is terminated prematurely, the Issuer is obliged to appoint a new Security Agent. The Issuer will announce a change of the Security Agent in accordance with clause at Reference 6.

## 13. Liability [REFERENCE 5]

1. The Issuer shall be liable without limitation only for damages suffered by the Investor that:
    1. are caused by an intentional or grossly negligent breach of duty by the Issuer its legal representatives or vicarious agents; or
    2. result from the slightly negligent breach of a material contractual obligation (*cardinal duty*). In this case, the Issuer’s liability shall be limited to the foreseeable damage typical for the type of contract. Cardinal duties are obligations whose fulfilment is essential for the proper execution of the Token Terms and on which the Investor regularly relies.
2. The Issuer shall not be liable for defects, malfunctions or failures of any blockchain, smart contracts or other technical infrastructure operated by third parties beyond their control. This includes, in particular, losses due to errors, delays, or interruptions in blockchain-based transactions. The Issuer shall also not be liable for the loss of off-chain assets or on-chain tokens, unless such loss was caused by intentional misconduct or gross negligence. Liability for data loss is limited to typical recovery costs that would have been incurred with appropriate, risk-based data backup.
3. Any further liability of the Issuer is excluded to the extent permitted by law. This limitation also applies to the personal liability of their employees, representatives and vicarious agents, including liability in tort.
4. The above exclusions and limitations of liability shall not apply in cases of injury to life, body or health, in the event of liability under mandatory statutory provisions, particularly the German Product Liability Act (*Produkthaftungsgesetz*) or where a guarantee to the Investor has been expressly assumed.
5. The limitation period for all warranty claims of the Investor shall be twelve (12) months, unless longer periods are required by mandatory law. This does not apply if the Investor is a consumer within the meaning of § 13 BGB; in such cases, the statutory limitation periods shall remain unaffected.

## 14. Force Majeure

1. In case of an unforeseen, extraordinary event due to which the Issuer is partly or entirely prevented from the fulfilment of its obligations, i.e. due to war or civil commotion, riots, industrial actions (e.g. strike, lockout), pandemics, as well as interruptions of operations, acts of god (e.g. flood, earthquake, fire) or seizures, embargos and other official orders such as export licenses not granted, ordered limitations of energy consumption or due to Brexit (“**Force Majeure**”), Issuer shall be exempted from its obligation to supply for the duration of the Force Majeure event and the delivery period shall be extended accordingly.
2. Issuer is obliged to notify the Investor of the occurrence and end of the Force Majeure event.
3. If it appears likely that the Force Majeure event will last for at least 90 days, the Investor is entitled to terminate the contractual relationship underlying these Token Terms for good cause.
4. In case of Force Majeure, the Issuer shall not be liable for non-performance or delays, except in cases of gross negligence, wilful misconduct, or injury to life, body or health.

## 15. Substitution of the Issuer

The Issuer may, without the prior consent of the Investors, substitute itself in relation to all rights and obligations under these Token Terms with another legal entity (the “**New Issuer**”), provided that:
1. the New Issuer is objectively capable of performing all obligations arising from or in connection with these Token Terms;
2. the existing Issuer provides an irrevocable and unconditional guarantee to Investors for the full and timely performance of the New Issuer’s obligations under these Token Terms;
3. such substitution does not materially impair the legal position of the Investors, in particular with regard to:
    1. the enforceability of rights under these Token Terms,
    2. the applicable regulatory protections, and
    3. the Investor's ability to receive Distributions.

Investors shall be informed of any substitution without undue delay through the communication procedure set out in the clause at Reference 6.

## 16. Amendments of the Token Terms

1. The Issuer shall be entitled to amend or supplement the Token Terms without the prior consent of the Investors, provided that such amendment or supplementation:
    1. is necessary to correct manifest clerical or factual errors;
    2. serves to clarify ambiguous or unclear provisions without changing the substantive rights or obligations of the Investors; or
    3. is necessary to adapt to technical, legal, or regulatory developments, provided such change does not materially prejudice the Investor’s legal or financial position and is transparently communicated. The Issuer shall provide reasons for such an amendment; or
    4. is required by binding legal provisions, final judicial decisions, or binding administrative orders.
2. If the amendment affects material provisions of the Token Terms, including rights, obligations, or the economic position of the Investors, such amendment shall only take effect if the Investor has expressly agreed to the amendment in advance. The Issuer shall provide the Investor with the proposed amendment in text form, explaining the reasons for the change. The Issuer may ask the Investor to provide consent electronically or in writing. If the Investor does not consent, the existing Token Terms shall continue to apply. The Issuer reserves the right to terminate the agreement with six (6) weeks’ notice, provided that continuation of the agreement would be unreasonable for the Issuer. In cases where a Investor refuses to consent to a material amendment pursuant to this section, the Issuer may offer to redeem the affected Royalty Tokens at their fair market value in USDT, provided the redemption terms are transparent, objectively verifiable and not disadvantageous to the Investors. Redemption shall be made to the Investor’s last known wallet address.
3. For the avoidance of doubt, the version of the Token Terms applicable to a specific Royalty Token Release shall be the version in force at the time of that Royalty Token Release.

## 17. General Provisions

### 17.1 Investor and Issuer Provisions

1. No Investor may set-off any claims arising under the Royalty Tokens against any claims that the Issuer may have against it. The Issuer may not set-off any claims it may have against the Investor against any of its obligations under the Royalty Tokens.
2. The Issuer does not appoint any representative to act on behalf of the Investors.
3. Information on the processing of personal data can be found in the Issuer’s Privacy Policy, available here: https://www.albionlabs.org/legal.
4. All payments made by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Royalty Tokens will be made free from any restriction or condition and be made without deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Federal Republic of Germany, unless deduction or withholding of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required to be made by Applicable Law.
5. Notices to Investors relating to the Royalty Token or any matters arising from or in connection with these Token Terms will be published in English on the Issuer’s Website. Such publication shall be deemed valid and sufficient notice. [Reference 6]

### 17.2 Governing Law and Disputes

1. The Token Terms shall be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany under exclusion of the UN Convention on the International Sale of Goods.
2. In so far as legally permissible, the sole venue for all disputes is Berlin, Germany. Issuer is entitled, at its own discretion, to bring action at the Investors venue.
3. The competent courts in Berlin, Germany, shall have exclusive jurisdiction for any disputes arising out of or in connection with these Token Terms (including regarding its validity).

### 17.3 Final Provisions

1. In case of discrepancies between the smart contract logic and these Token Terms, the Token Terms shall prevail. The smart contract represents a technical implementation of these terms and does not override their legal interpretation.
2. The Parties agree that words used in the code or smart contract do not have any legal significance or effect but the function emerging from such code does.
3. Unless expressly provided otherwise in these Token Terms, any guarantees, representations, indemnity claims, or other warranties shall be governed exclusively by the Token Terms. Any additional guarantees, representations, indemnity claims or other warranties are hereby expressly excluded.
4. If at any time any provision of these Token Terms is or becomes unlawful, invalid or unenforceable under any Applicable Law, this shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions. The invalid, unlawful or unenforceable provision shall be deemed replaced by such valid and enforceable provision that most closely reflects the economic intent and purpose of the original provision, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law.

# Definitions

## 1. Applicable Law

means all laws, statutes, regulatory rules, and regulations that apply to the Parties in connection with these Token Terms from time to time.

## 2. Blockchain

means the “Base” layer two blockchain operated by Coinbase Global, Inc.

## 3. Business Days

means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for general business in Berlin, Germany.

## 4. Collateral

means security rights granted by the Issuer to Investors, including the assignment of claims or enforcement rights held by the Issuer against the Royalty Provider in relation to Royalty Payments received from the Royalty Supplier, intended to secure the Secured Claims.

## 5. Collateral Agreement

means an agreement entered into between the Issuer and the Security Agent, whereby the Security Agent holds the assigned claims and enforcement rights under the Revenue Swap Agreement as Collateral securing the Secured Claims for the benefit of the Investors, but grants the Issuer the right to exercise such rights unless and until an Event of Default has occurred.

## 6. Crypto Receipts

means the merkle tree proof artefact created for Investor to claim from the Vault.

## 7. Distribution, Distributions

means the pro-rata payments equal to the Total Distribution divided by the Royalty Tokens in circulation for a particular Royalty Token Release as determined by a Snapshot and these Token Terms.

## 8. Event Of Default

means any of the conditions or events described with reference to clause Reference 7, which shall be deemed to constitute an Event Of Default if and for so long as they shall have occurred and be continuing:
1. The Issuer fails to pay any amount in respect to the Royalty Tokens when due and payable in a commercial reasonable timeframe, including as a result of not having received the corresponding Royalty Payments from the Royalty Provider;
2. an Insolvency Event in relation to the Issuer.

## 9. Fixed Royalty Token, Fixed Royalty Tokens

means an ERC20 token pre-minted by the Issuer in a fixed quantity, corresponding to the Supply Limit specified in the Particulars which entitles the Investor to a fixed monthly payment calculated as the Total Distribution divided by the quantity of Tokens in the Royalty Token Release.

## 10. Framework Revenue Purchase Agreement

means the framework agreement between the Royalty Provider and the Issuer governing the general terms and conditions for the conclusion of specific Revenue Purchase Agreements.

## 11. Government Licence

means the government licence granted to an entity to extract oil from the Oil Well, which regulates the:
1. Wellbore; and
2. the associated equipment, casing, and surface facilities.

## 12. Greenlisted

means the completion of both the onboarding as described in the section at Reference 1 of the Token Terms and the KYC/AML Requirements.

## 13. Gross Revenue

means the aggregate gross revenue received by arising by or on behalf of Royalty Supplier, its affiliates and / or the co-venturers from the petroleum produced by the Oil Well.

## 14. Insolvency Event

means the occurrence of any of the following events in relation to any entity relevant to the performance of obligations under these Terms:
1. is unable or is expected to be unable to pay its debts as they fall due (*Zahlungsunfähigkeit* or *drohende Zahlungsunfähigkeit*) within the meaning of Section 17 para. 2 or 18 para. 2 of the German Insolvency Code (*Insolvenzordnung*), or admits its inability to pay its debts as they fall due or insofar as it does not have its seat in the Federal Republic of Germany, is insolvent, admits its inability to pay its debts as they fall due or it generally discontinues payment to its debtors;
2. is over-indebted (*überschuldet*) within the meaning of Section 19 of the German Insolvency Code (*Insolvenzordnung*) or insofar as it does not have its seat in the Federal Republic of Germany, its liabilities (taking into account conditional and future liabilities) exceed its assets;
3. for any of the reasons set out in Sections 17 to 19 of the German Insolvency Code (*Insolvenzordnung*), files for insolvency (*Antrag auf Eröffnung eines Insolvenzverfahrens*) (also in cases of self-management of administration (*Eigenverwaltung*) against its assets) or its board members (*Vorstände*) or directors (*Geschäftsführer*) are required by law to file for insolvency, or a creditor files for the opening of insolvency proceedings (other than a petition or application which is vexatious or frivolous and which is discharged, stayed or dismissed within fourteen (14) Business Days of application); or
4. agrees to or declares a moratorium, or enters into any composition, compromise, arrangement, settlement or standstill agreement with any of its creditors in anticipation of financial difficulties.

## 15. Interface

means the user interface that provides Investors with the ability to acquire Royalty Tokens.

## 16. Investor, Investors

means an investor by way of a Royalty Token holding.

## 17. KYC AML Requirements

means the know your client and anti-money laundering processes established by the Issuer to ensure compliance with Applicable Law.

## 18. Management Fees

means any fees payable to the Royalty Supplier or an appointed service provider in connection with the administration, operation or distribution of Royalty Payments under a specific Royalty Token Release, where such fees are expressly indicated in the Particulars for that Release.

## 19. Notice Of Event Of Default

means a written notice by the Issuer or by an Investor delivered to the Security Agent, stating that an Event Of Default or an Insolvency Event relating to the Issuer has occurred and is continuing; it only takes effect though if the Security Agent carries out an independent review of whether an Event Of Default or an Insolvency Event in relation to the Issuer has occurred.

## 20. Offtake Agreement

means the agreement for crude oil purchase and delivery.

## 21. Oil Well

means the specific well or borehole from which hydrocarbons are produced under the applicable Project Agreement, as identified in the Particulars of the relevant Royalty Token Release.

## 22. Particulars

means the set of key economic and contractual parameters applicable to each individual Royalty Token Release, as specified in a dedicated table or Interface section.

## 23. Party

means each of the Issuer and the Investor individually and collectively referred to as the Parties.

## 24. Pending Distribution, Pending Distributions

means the portion of a Royalty Payment that is not subject to a Royalty Token Release as a Total Distribution and accrues in a holding by Royalty Provider in respect of future Royalty Token Releases, to be distributed to Investors pro-rata over the first twelve (12) Distributions for the relevant Royalty Token Release.

## 25. Permanent Payment Default

means a situation in which 
1. no material recovery has been made within eighteen (18) months following the initial enforcement attempt despite reasonable efforts; or
2. an Insolvency Event relating to the Royalty Supplier has occurred; or
3. a court has issued a final and binding decision confirming that recovery of the due Royalty amounts is not possible.

## 26. Project Agreement

means the Joint Operating Agreement or any other agreement governing Royalty Supplier’s interest in the gross revenue from the Oil Well.

## 27. Release Supply

means, in respect of a specific Royalty Token Release, the total number of Royalty Tokens in circulation at the time a Snapshot is taken in accordance with these Token Terms.

## 28. Revenue Payment, Revenue Payments

means the amounts paid by the Royalty Provider to the Issuer under the Revenue Purchase Agreement.

## 29. Revenue Purchase Agreement

means the contractual arrangement between the Royalty Provider and the Issuer under which the Issuer may acquire royalty interests from the Royalty Provider.

## 30. Revenue Swap Agreement

means the contractual arrangement between the Royalty Supplier and the Royalty Provider under which the Royalty Provider is entitled to receive Royalty Payments derived from revenues generated by an energy asset under the Project Agreement.

## 31. Royalty

means the percentage interest in the gross revenue arising under the Project Agreement.

## 32. Royalty Interest

means the percentage share of the gross revenue from a specific energy project (such as the production and sale of crude oil or other natural resources) to which the Royalty Provider is entitled under the Revenue Swap Agreement, typically calculated as a portion of the Royalty Supplier’s Working Interest.

## 33. Royalty Payment, Royalty Payments

means the amount paid to the Royalty Provider by the Royalty Supplier pursuant to the Royalty.

## 34. Royalty Payment Percentage

means the percentage applied to the Royalty Interest to determine the portion of the Royalty Payment that is payable to Investors for a Royalty Token Release under the Token Terms, as specified in the Particulars.

## 35. Royalty Provider

means the provider of the Royalty to the Issuer as defined in the Particulars, with whom the Issuer has a contractual relationship that grants the Issuer, inter alia, the right to receive Royalty Payments.

## 36. Royalty Supplier

means the party that holds an economic interest in revenues generated by specific energy assets and is contractually obligated under a Revenue Swap Agreement to transfer a portion of such revenues to the Royalty Provider in the form of Royalty Payments.

## 37. Royalty Token, Royalty Tokens

means the instances of Variable Royalty Tokens and Fixed Royalty Tokens, which are defined by Royalty Token Release.

## 38. Royalty Token Price

means the one-time fee, specified in the Particulars of the respective Royalty Token Release, that must be paid by the Investor to the Issuer prior to the transfer of the Royalty Token.

## 39. Royalty Token Release, Royalty Token Releases

means new Royalty Token releases, each of which will be a new SFT Bucket and will be numbered sequentially.

## 40. Secured Claims

means the Investors’ entitlement to receive Distributions under these Token Terms and the claims of the Security Agent for compensation of its costs and expenses incurred in connection with its function as Security Agent.

## 41. Security Agent

means the agent acting as representative of the Investors who, in its own name but on behalf of and for the account of the Investors, holds and enforces the Issuer’s claims for Royalty Payments against the Royalty Provider in the Event Of Default.

## 42. Security Event

means any security-related incident that compromises or threatens the technical functionality, legal integrity or economic model of the Royalty Token or associated infrastructure. A Security Event includes, but is not limited to:
1. exploitation of bugs, vulnerabilities, or unintended functionality in the Royalty Token smart contract or any connected contracts such as treasury, snapshot, or distribution mechanisms;
2. unauthorized deployment of or interaction with malicious smart contracts targeting the Royalty Token or related smart contract components (e.g., snapshot, airdrop or vault mechanisms);
3. economic exploits such as flash loan attacks, re-entrancy attacks, or arbitrage-driven manipulations in the context of token allocation or trading functionality;
4. compromise of private keys, multi-signature wallets, oracles, admin accounts, or access credentials essential for the governance or security of the token infrastructure;
5. attacks against the frontend Interface or related infrastructure leading to unauthorized access, transaction manipulation or disruption;
6. compromise of the underlying blockchain (e.g., 51% attacks) or other Layer-1 security vulnerabilities;
7. regulatory enforcement actions, mandatory shutdowns or third-party interventions that materially impede the operation or continuity of the token system; and
8. any other cybersecurity or compliance-related disruption that materially affects the authorized distribution, custody or trading of Royalty Tokens or that undermines the economic logic defined in the smart contract.

## 43. SFT Bucket

means the digital construct and permissions, implemented by smart contracts, managing the mint of Royalty Tokens.

## 44. Snapshot, Snapshots

means a data snapshot of the relevant blockchain to determine the state of the blockchain in terms of:
1. Royalty Token holdings; and
2. for Variable Royalty Tokens, the supply,

at a particular point in time.

## 45. Supply Limit

means a limit on Royalty Token minting for a certain Royalty Token Release.

## 46. Supply Type

means the classification of the Royalty Token Release as either a Fixed Supply or a Variable Supply.

## 47. Token Terms

means these terms and conditions, together with any schedules and policies referenced herein.

## 48. Total Distribution, Total Distributions

means the total amount of Revenue Payments acquired and received by the Issuer under the relevant Revenue Purchase Agreement minus the fees of the Royalty Provider and will include any Pending Distribution amounts.

## 49. Variable Royalty Token, Variable Royalty Tokens

means an ERC20 token that is minted and issued by the Issuer up to the Supply Limit specified in the Particulars and that represents a right to receive payments calculated by reference to the quantity of Tokens minted within the scope of the Royalty Token Release.

## 50. Vault

means the smart contract vault used by Issuer to pay Distributions.

## 51. Wallet

means a uniquely identifiable cryptographic wallet.

## 52. Wallet Balance

means, in respect of a specific Wallet, the number of Royalty Tokens recorded as held in that Wallet for a given Royalty Token Release at the time a Snapshot is taken in accordance with these Token Terms.

## 53. Website

means www.albionlabs.org (information on the website is not part of these Token Terms unless such information is incorporated by reference into these Token Terms).

## 54. Wellbore

means the borehole designated in the applicable Project Agreement as the source of production from which Royalty Payments are derived under the Revenue Swap Agreement.

# Schedule 1 - Collateral Terms

### 1. Parties

1. S01 ISSUER GMBH ("**Issuer**");
2. ATG AZIMUT TREUHANDGESELLSCHAFT MBH ("**Security Agent**"); and
3. each INVESTOR ("**Investors**").

### 2. Definitions

1. **"Agreement"** means this agreement.
2. **"Collateral"** has the meaning as specified in the Token Terms.
3. **"Distributions"** has the meaning as specified in the Token Terms.
4. **"Event Of Default"** in relation to the Issuer as specified in the Token Terms.
5. **"Insolvency Event"** in relation to the Issuer as specified in the Token Terms.
6. **"Investor, Investors"** means an investor by way of a Royalty Token holding.
7. **"Issuer"** means S01 Issuer GmbH, Kurfürstendamm 15, 10719 Berlin, Federal Republic of Germany, registered in the commercial register (*Handelsregister*) of the local court (*Amtsgericht*) of Berlin-Charlottenburg under the registration number HRB 270925 B.
8. **"Net Realization Proceeds"** means the amount resulting of the deduction of the service fees and additional costs of the Security Agent from the realization proceeds.
9. **"Notice Of Event Of Default"** means, if applicable according to the Token Terms, a written notice by the Issuer or by an Investor delivered to the Security Agent, stating that an Event Of Default, or an Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing.
10. **"Parties"** means the Issuer and the Security Agent.
11. **"Royalty Provider"** has the meaning as specified in the Token Terms.
12. **"Royalty Token, Royalty Tokens"** are the digital tokens generated by the Issuer which are based on a smart contract that is implemented on Blockchain infrastructure as described in the Token Terms.
13. **"Secured Claims"** means the entitlement of the Investors to receive Distributions under the Token Terms and the claims of the Security Agent for compensation of its costs and expenses incurred in connection with its function as Security Agent.
14. **"Security Agent"** means the agent acting as representative of the Investors who, in its own name but on behalf of and for the account of the Investors, holds and enforces the Issuer's claims for Total Distributions against the Royalty Provider.
15. **"Snapshot"** has the meaning as specified in the Token Terms.
16. **"Token Terms"** the terms specifically related to the Royalty Tokens which shall complete the general terms and conditions that are applicable to all tokens issued by the Issuer.
17. **"Total Distributions"** has the meaning as specified in the Token Terms.

### 3. The Security Agent

1. The Issuer and each Investor do hereby appoint pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement the Security Agent with the authority to take the actions of the Security Agent under this Agreement. The Security Agent hereby accepts its obligations under this Agreement upon the terms and conditions hereof.
2. The Security Agent may execute any of the trusts or powers hereof and perform any duty hereunder either directly or by or through agents. The Security Agent shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such trusts, powers and duties.
3. The Issuer shall provide the Security Agent and the Investors with access to the information showing the current status of the Collateral.

### 4. Security Assignment

The Issuer hereby transfers any Collateral by way of security to the Security Agent and assigns any of its claims and enforcement rights against the Royalty Provider for payment of Total Distributions to the Security Agent as security in order to secure the Secured Claims.

### 5. Enforcement

1. By acquiring the Royalty Token, each Investor declares to the Security Agent that they wish to enforce their rights under this Agreement when a Notice Of Event Of Default is in effect.
2. With first priority, the Security Agent shall be entitled to satisfy its claims against the Issuer under this Agreement or any similar agreement, as the case may be (including fee claims) from the realization proceeds before any other payments are made.
3. Furthermore, on a pari passu basis in or towards payment of all amounts due and unpaid and all obligations due to be performed in respect of the relevant Secured Claims for which the Collateral is being realized, any other third parties' claims in connection with any realization and distribution costs shall be satisfied and the Security Agent may also deduct these additional costs from the realization proceeds, before any other payments are made to Investors; the remaining realization proceeds shall be available for payment to the Investors ("**Net Realization Proceeds**").
4. The Security Agent shall distribute the Net Realization Proceeds with discharging effect by paying the pro-rata share of the Net Realization Proceeds to the respective Investor. The transfer of the pro-rata shares of the Net Realization Proceeds shall be determined by the holdings of the number of Royalty Tokens in circulation for the relevant Royalty Token Release at the time of the applicable Snapshot.
5. The Security Agent may refuse to transfer any Net Realization Proceeds to the respective Investor and the claim of the Investor lapses if the Investor is not providing additional information requested by the Security Agent.
6. No interest shall be paid on the Secured Claims of the Investor, which correspond to their pro-rata shares of the Net Realization Proceeds realized from the Collateral. The Security Agent shall not owe any default interest to the Investors on the payment of the pro-rata share of Net Realization Proceeds, neither shall the Security Agent be liable to the Investors for any further damages whatsoever.
7. The payment of pro-rata Net Realization Proceeds to the Investors under the terms of this Agreement, discharges the Secured Claims of the Investor (represented by the Security Agent) against the Issuer that are secured by the Collateral.

### 6. Limitation of Liability

1. Unless otherwise stated in this Agreement, both Parties shall only be liable to each other for damages resulting from a breach of contractual obligations if such damages were caused by wilful misconduct or gross negligence. Liability for slight negligence is excluded, except in cases of breach of fundamental contractual obligations ("cardinal obligations") by the Issuer. Cardinal obligations are those which are essential to the proper performance of the contract and on which the other party relies and may reasonably rely. In the event of a breach of cardinal obligations due to slight negligence, the Issuer's responsibility shall be limited to foreseeable, typically occurring damages.
2. Neither Party shall be liable for damages caused by actions or omissions of third parties, including but not limited to subcontractors, unless such third-party actions are directly attributable to the negligence or wilful misconduct of the party seeking to disclaim liability.
3. In no event shall the Security Agent be liable for any action or failure to act of the Issuer under this Agreement or any applicable statutory or regulatory requirement.
4. In no event shall the Security Agent be liable for punitive, special, indirect or consequential losses or damages (including lost profits), whether or not foreseeable, even if the Security Agent has been advised of the possibility thereof and regardless of the form of action in which such damages are sought.
5. The Security Agent shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith which it believes to be authorized or within its rights or powers; provided, however, that the Security Agent's conduct does not constitute wilful misconduct.
6. The aforementioned limitations and exclusions of liability shall not apply in cases of mandatory statutory liability or in cases of injury to life, body, or health.

### 7. Limited Recourse

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no recourse (whether by institution or enforcement of any legal proceeding or assessment or otherwise) in respect of any breaches of any duty, obligation or undertaking of the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Royalty Tokens (as from time to time supplemented or modified in accordance with the provisions herein contained) by virtue of any law, statute or otherwise shall be held against any shareholder, officer, manager or corporate services provider of the Issuer in their capacity as such, save in the case of their gross negligence, wilful default or actual fraud, and any and all personal liability of every such shareholder, officer, manager of corporate services provider in their capacity as such for any breaches by the Issuer of any such duty, obligation or undertaking shall be waived and excluded to the extent permitted by law. This provision shall survive the redemption and burning of the Tokens.

### 8. Replacement of Security Agent

1. The Security Agent may resign at any time by notifying the Issuer in writing not less than ninety (90) days prior to the effective date of such resignation. The Issuer shall remove the Security Agent if:
    1. the Security Agent fails to comply with its obligations;
    2. the Security Agent is adjudged as bankrupt or insolvent;
    3. a receiver or other public officer takes charge of the Security Agent or its property; or
    4. the Security Agent otherwise becomes incapable of acting.
2. If the Security Agent resigns or is removed for any reason, the Issuer shall promptly appoint a successor Security Agent.
3. Any successor Security Agent shall deliver a written acceptance of its appointment to the retiring Security Agent and to the Issuer. Thereupon, the resignation or removal of the retiring Security Agent shall become effective, and the successor Security Agent shall have all the rights, powers and duties of the Security Agent under this Agreement. The retiring Security Agent shall promptly transfer all property held by it as Security Agent to the successor Security Agent.

### 9. Governing Law & Jurisdiction

1. This Agreement is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the substantive laws of Germany (excluding any conflict of laws rules).
2. The place of performance and sole legal venue for all disputes arising from the legal relationships regulated under this Collateral Agreement is Berlin.
3. No waiver or variation of any part of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing. No waiver of any provision in this Agreement will be deemed a waiver of a subsequent breach of such provision or a waiver of a similar provision. In addition, a waiver of any breach or a failure to enforce any term or condition of this Agreement will not in any way affect, limit, or waive our rights hereunder at any time to enforce strict compliance thereafter with every term and condition of this Agreement.
4. If any provision of this Agreement should be or become invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, this shall indisputably (*unwiderlegbar*) not affect the validity of the balance of this Agreement. The invalid or unenforceable provision shall be deemed replaced by such provision which best meets the intent and the economic purpose of the invalid or unenforceable provision. The same shall apply mutatis mutandis in case of omissions (*Vertragslücken*).

# Schedule 2 - Framework Revenue Purchase Agreement Summary

### 1. Definitions

**Agreement** means the agreement known as the _Framework Revenue Purchase Agreement_ between the parties, dated [x], as amended from time to time

**Revenue Purchase Agreement** means the agreements arising from the activity of the parties to the Agreement under which the Issuer may acquire royalty interests from Albion.

**Release Token Terms** means the specific Token Terms document accompanying an offer to enter into a Revenue Purchase Agreement by Albion, which will be substantially in the form of the Token Terms.

**Royalty Supplier** means EUROPA OIL & GAS LTD, a company incorporated in England and Wales with company number 03093716 with a registered office at 54 Charlotte Street, London W1T 2NS, England. 

**Token Terms** means [x]

### 2. Parties

**Albion** means **ALBION LABS CANADA LTD**, a company incorporated in Alberta, Canada with Alberta Corporate Access Number 2027126354 with a registered office at 1500-850 2 ST SW, Calgary, Alberta, T2P0R8, Canada.

**Issuer** means **S01 ISSUER GMBH**, a company registered in Germany with the commercial register of the local court Charlottenburg (Berlin) under registration number No. 270925 B.

### 3. Revenue Purchase Agreements

**A. Offers**

1. Albion is required to issue to the Issuer a binding offer for the conclusion of Revenue Purchase Agreement(s). 
2. Each offer is to include the parameters for the agreement, including: 
    1. the relevant purchase price;
    2. the purchase payment period;
    3. the revenue payment start date;
    4. the revenue payment percentage; and 
    5. any special conditions (which override the terms of the Agreement to the extent of any inconsistency). 
3. The offer must also set out the Release Token Terms and the following particulars which are to be derived from the Token Terms: 
    1. the royalty payment percentage; 
    2. royalty token price; 
    3. payment token exclusive;
    4. supply type; 
    5. supply limit; and
    6. management fees. 
4. The offer must also include other relevant information including the pending distributions.
5. Albion shall be bound by each offer for a period of five calendar days from the date of receipt by the Issuer, unless a different binding period is expressly stated in the offer. 

**B. Acceptance**

1. During the offer period, the Issuer may accept the offer in full but not in part. It is under no obligation to accept an offer it has received.
2. An offer becomes binding upon the Issuer providing its express acceptance within the offer period.
3. Following acceptance, a Revenue Purchase Agreement is formed between the parties under which Albion is obliged to pay the Issuer revenue payments corresponding to the agreed revenue payment percentage of revenue payments received by Albion from the Royalty Supplier.

**C. Purchase Price Payment**

1. The purchase price under each Revenue Purchase Agreement is determined based on the revenue payment percentage applied to the royalty payments that Albion receives from the Royalty Supplier.
2. The purchase price is due from the Issuer by no later than the 10th day of each calendar month during the payment period for the relevant Revenue Purchase Agreement. It is to be calculated on a pro-rata basis by reference to the number of months in the payment period. 
3. Issuer’s obligation to pay the Purchase Price is suspended when Albion does not pay the revenue payments by the due date, until Albion resumes the revenue payments.
4. Payment shall be made in US Dollar tokens to the wallet address nominated by Albion.

### 4. Revenue Payments

**A. Notification and information requests**

1. Albion shall promptly inform the Issuer of all royalty payments received from the Royalty Supplier to the extent such payments are relevant for calculating and transferring
revenue payments to the Issuer. 
2. The Issuer shall be entitled to request reasonable supporting documentation. 
3. The Issuer may also, at its own expense, have certain records of Albion reviewed by an independent auditor.

**B. Revenue payment terms**

1. Albion undertakes to pay the revenue payments (including any pending distributions) to the Issuer within five business days after Albion's receipt of the corresponding royalty payments from the Royalty Supplier. 
2. Payments must be in the currency specified by the Issuer and to the bank account or wallet details notified by the Issuer.

**C. Notification of material events**

Albion shall promptly notify the Issuer of any material event in relation to the royalty payments which may affect the revenue payments.

### 5. Termination 

1. The Agreement shall continue for an indefinite period and may be terminated by either Party upon five days' notice.
2. The Parties may also terminate the Agreement for cause. 

### 6. Albion's limitation of liability 
1. Albion's liability is limited as follows: 
    1. liability is excluded except in cases of intent or gross negligence;
    2. where Albion has been slightly negligent in respect of a cardinal obligation under the Agreement, its liability is limited to such damages as are foreseeable and typical, and the liability is limited to compensation of direct damages only;
    3. Albion's liability for culpable injury to life, body or health as well as liability under the German Product Liability Act is not limited; and
    4. Albion's liability for damage for one or more breaches of duty is limited to the amount of royalty payments actually received in the twelve months preceding the relevant event and will not in any event exceed $50,000.

### 7. Governing Law 

The governing law of the Agreement is the law of Germany and the courts of Berlin, Germany have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes arising from the Agreement.

# Schedule 3 - Revenue Swap Agreement Summary

### 1. Definitions

**Agreement** means the deed known as the _Revenue Swap Agreement_ between the parties, dated 20 May 2025, as amended from time to time.

**Co-venturers** means any of the parties to the Joint Operating Agreement in place from time to time (other than Europa or its Affiliates).

**Gross Revenue** means the aggregate gross revenue arising (including any prepayments received for production to be delivered in the future) during the term of the Agreement by or on behalf of Europa, its affiliates and/or the Co-venturers or their affiliates from all petroleum produced from the Oil Well without deduction of applicable tax (but which may include deductions for value added tax and any future hydrocarbon revenue tax). If petroleum is sold to affiliates of Europa or the Co-venturers or otherwise not on arm's length, the relevant gross revenue will be deemed to be the greater of the value received and the market value of the petroleum sold. Similarly, where petroleum is sold for non-cash consideration, the gross revenue for that petroleum will be the greater of the fair market value of that non-cash consideration and the market value of the petroleum sold. 

**Joint Operating Agreement** means any joint operating agreement entered into between two or more parties to the Licence in respect of governance, development, operation and/or abandonment of the Oil Well and at the time of this summary means the _Joint Operating Agreement_ dated 1 October 2008, as supplemented, amended and/or varied, from time to time.

**Licence** means any United Kingdom Licence granted by the North Sea Transition Authority in respect of the right to explore and/or exploit the Oil Well, including at the time of this summary, United Kingdom Licence PEDL180, dated 1 July 2008 and granted under the Petroleum Act 1998, as amended or assigned from time to time.

**Oil Well** means the oil well commonly identified by Europa as W#1 in the Wressle oil field, located onshore in licence PEDL180, East Midlands Basin, United Kingdom.

**Royalty Interest** means the interest described under the heading "Royalty Interest" below.

**Side Tracking** means a secondary wellbore being drilled from the existing Oil Well wellbore to bypass an obstruction, reach a new target formation, or explore a different part of the reservoir, while maintaining the original surface location.

### 2. Parties

**Albion** means **ALBION LABS CANADA LTD**, a company incorporated in Alberta, Canada with Alberta Corporate Access Number 2027126354 with a registered office at 1500-850 2 ST SW, Calgary, Alberta, T2P0R8, Canada.

**Europa** means **EUROPA OIL & GAS LTD**, a company incorporated in England and Wales with company number 03093716 with a registered office at 54 Charlotte Street, London W1T 2NS, England.

### 3. Primary Terms

**A. Royalty Interest**

Albion acquired a 4.5% overriding royalty interest in the Gross Revenue arising from the Oil Well from Europa for US$500,000 pursuant to the Agreement.

**B. Duration**

The term of the Royalty Interest is 1 May 2025 until termination as the result of one of the termination events outlined in the 'Termination' section below.

**C. Payment Reporting**

Within 30 calendar days of the end of each month, Europa will provide a statement to Albion detailing:

1. the Gross Revenue for that month taking into account any corrections to errors made in previous statements; and
2. the payment due to Albion for that month.

In the event Europa fails to provide this statement to Albion, the payment due to Albion will be deemed to be the higher of:

1. the highest previous monthly payment; or
2. the market value of the petroleum forecast to be produced for that month.

**D. Payment Schedule**

The Royalty Interest in respect of each month will be paid monthly in arrears. Europa must use its best endeavours to pay the Royalty Interest for a month within 14 calendar days after the end of the previous calendar month and must make the payment within 30 days after the end of the previous calendar month.

**E. Payment Disputes**

In the event that Albion disputes a monthly statement or payment, Albion may within 3 months of receiving or being deemed to receive a statement initiate a dispute resolution procedure consisting of 15 business days of good faith negotiations followed by expert determination.

The expert appointed will be a qualified accountant specialising in upstream oil and gas, appointed by agreement of the parties, or failing agreement, by the ICC International Centre for ADR.

The parties shall continue to meet their obligations during the dispute resolution procedure, including making any required monthly payments.

**F. Payment Default**

In the event that Europa fails to make any payment due to Albion by the due date, then Europa will pay interest on the overdue amount at a rate equal to the Bank of England Base Rate plus 2.5% per annum.

**G. Tokenisation**

Europa expressly acknowledges that Albion may tokenise the Royalty Interest for third party investors.

**H. Guarantee and Indemnity**

Europa guarantees to Albion the punctual performance of its obligations under the Agreement. Europa also indemnifies Albion up to the amount it would have had to pay under the guarantee if any guaranteed obligation is or becomes unenforceable, invalid or illegal. 

**I. Europa Warranties and Obligations Concerning the Oil Well**

Europa provides various warranties to Albion that apply during the term of the Agreement. These include warranting that it has title to the petroleum, that there are no events or circumstances connected to the Licence or Joint Operating Agreement that pose a material risk to the Licence or Joint Operating Agreement, and that there are no encumbrances over the petroleum.

Europa is required to perform its obligations under the Licence and Joint Operating Agreement and to notify Albion of events or circumstances that pose a material risk to the Licence or Joint Operating Agreement. 

Europa is prohibited from terminating or varying the Licence, granting certain encumbrances over the Licence or Joint Operating Agreement, surrendering or abandoning all of part of the Licence or Licence area, or decommissioning or abandoning the Oil Well or its facilities unless required by Law or the North Sea Transition Authority.

**J. Offer on Licence Event**

If Europa intends to surrender or terminate the Licence or to abandon the Oil Well, unless lawfully required to do so, Europa will offer to transfer to Albion all of Europa’s rights, title and interest in the field on which the Oil Well is located (or in the part of the field subject to the surrender, termination or abandonment) for a consideration of US$1.00.

**K. Sale of Petroleum**

Europa is required to ensure that the Royalty Interest is paid to Albion and not diverted to its affiliates, the Co-venturers or their affiliates. It is required to ensure sales of petroleum are on arm's length terms, to perform its obligations under sales and marketing contracts, and, subject to good faith operational decisions, is not permitted to take any action with the deliberate intent to reduce or avoid the Royalty Interest payments.

**L. Information**

1. Albion will have the right to inspect Europa's records in relation to the oil field.
2. Europa will provide material data about the performance of the Oil Well to Albion in accordance with an agreed schedule, which requires that certain information be provided monthly.

**M. Termination**

The Royalty Interest will terminate on the earlier of:

1. 31 December 2029; or
2. on the occurrence of any of the following events:
	- the termination or relinquishment of the Licence as required by law or the North Sea Transition Authority;
	- a capital expenditure of more than $200,000 in the Oil Well after 31 December 2027; 
	- the Side Tracking of the Oil Well; 
    1. Albion terminating the Agreement following the occurrence of certain insolvency-related events; or
    2. the parties agreeing to terminate the Agreement.

**O. Sale or Change of Control**

If Europa assign or otherwise transfer all or any part of any interest in the License or the Joint Operating Agreement which entitles the “transferee” to receive petroleum from the Oil Well, Europa shall procure prior to effecting the relevant transfer that the transferee enters into an overriding royalty agreement (in the form of the Agreement) in favour of Albion.

**P. Governing Law**

The governing law of the Agreement is England and the courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes arising from the Agreement.
